{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Futura-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Futura-Medium;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Futura-MediumItalic;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Garamond-Bold;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Garamond;\f5\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red201\green201\blue201;\red0\green0\blue233;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c82745\c82745\c82745;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\info
{\title CotterSoft}}\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl840\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs84 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 CotterSoft
\f1\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Journey To The Center of My Dearth\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\i0\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Home\cf2 \ulnone \strokec2 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 About\cf2 \ulnone \strokec2 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Contact\cf2 \ulnone \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa420\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs42 \cf2 Be There When I Get There\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f4\b0\fs24 \cf2 Published on July 2, 2023 by Phil Cotter\
So far, I\'e2\'80\'99ve made it to page 77 of \'e2\'80\'9cStarting Out With Java - From Control Structures Through Objects\'e2\'80\uc0\u157 . I have been underlining and making comments throughout. I have quite a ways to go, you could say\'e2\'80\'a6as the textbook is 1126 pages long. But I\'e2\'80\'99m not worried about the length. I plan to read it a second time so that I really internalize the vocabulary and the structures of Java. \u8232 \u8232 It feels like I\'e2\'80\'99m back in college, and I love the feeling of learning. I forgot how much I enjoyed analytical endeavors such as this. \u8232 \u8232 On the HTML side of things, today I added margins, fonts and a few other simple style choices to the website. Huzzah!\u8232 \u8232 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa420\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs42 \cf2 Square One\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f4\b0\fs24 \cf2 Published on June 26, 2023 by Phil Cotter\
This year, I turned 30, had a son, and decided to completely pivot my career. Until now I\'e2\'80\'99ve been working as a studio producer, live sound engineer, performer and luthier. Although I enjoy all of these things, I feel that I\'e2\'80\'99ve reached my full potential in these areas, and I would like to further challenge my analytical side. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 As someone who grew up in the early stages of the internet, I enjoyed dabbling in HTML and CSS, but those skills became gradually less necessary as tools like SquareSpace and Wix were created. I chose to use these tools for efficiency and instant gratification, without realizing how much I missed coding. It\'e2\'80\'99s a surprisingly nostalgic practice.\u8232 \u8232 My father\'e2\'80\'99s two passions were songwriting and writing software for Macs. My brother ended up with a Computer Science degree, so for whatever reason, I decided to differentiate myself by going into music instead. I love implementing the intricacies of jazz harmony into a complex arrangement, or mixing a 100-track song into a radio-ready production. But the industry is becoming more toxic, and I think it\'e2\'80\'99s time for me to step away.\u8232 \u8232 I\'e2\'80\'99ve decided to teach myself Java, mostly because it is one of two tracks offered by our local coding bootcamp, Tech Elevator. So I will either teach myself in preparation for their fast-paced learning, or I will bypass the bootcamp altogether if I feel that teaching myself is effective enough. I\'e2\'80\'99ve been told that the best way to learn a coding language is to create your own projects, so I\'e2\'80\'99m making this entire website from scratch with HTML, CSS, and as much Java as I can squeeze into it. I plan to make other Java projects and link them here, and document the development of my website.\u8232 \u8232  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f5 \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Read More\cf2 \ulnone \strokec2  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf2 \'a9 2023 CotterSoft.\
}